documentation refactor and FAQ addition (#13227)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: info/FAQ.md

Please note that this new region requires a manual process to enable in your account. Once enabled in the console, it takes a few minutes for everything to work properly.

If the region is not enabled properly, or the enablement process is still in progress, you may receive errors like these:

```
$ terraform apply

Error: error validating provider credentials: error calling sts:GetCallerIdentity: InvalidClientTokenId: The security token included in the request is invalid.
    status code: 403, request id: 142f947b-b2c3-11e9-9959-c11ab17bcc63

  on main.tf line 1, in provider "aws":
   1: provider "aws" {

To use this new region before support has been added to the Terraform AWS Provider, you can disable the provider's automatic region validation via:
provider "aws" {
  # ... potentially other configuration ...

  region                 = "af-south-1"
  skip_region_validation = true
}

```

### How can I help?

> Great question, if you have contributed before check out issues with the `help-wanted` label. These are normally issues with support, but we are currently unable to field resources to work on. If you are just getting started, take a look at issues with the `good-first-issue` label. Items with these labels will always be given priority for response.

Reviewer: Most likely incorrectly, I read "support" here as "HashiCorp Customer Success" on the first read. I'm guessing the intention here is to either say these are typically enhancement issues so it might be good to clarify just in case. This also seems like a great place to plug the Contributing Guide. 👍 

```suggestion
Great question, if you have contributed before check out issues with the `help-wanted` label. These are normally enhancement issues that will have a great impact, but the maintainers are unable to develop them in the near future. If you are just getting started, take a look at issues with the `good-first-issue` label. Items with these labels will always be given priority for response.

Check out the [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for additional information.
```
